in the countries which are emerging from
the ruins of the Soviet Union Human
Rights has become more than just a
theory for the public in the past they
petitioned and complained about
injustice but that wasn't about
defending their rights they let the
higher authorities decide their rights
what they're asking for now is a change
in the system I personally became a
lawyer just because i want to change
many things in my country and Human
Rights was a very thing which could help
me to do this a lot of things that you
do not have here and which we're trying
to have this is the freedom of
expression first of all this is the most
problematic here I guess because when
you express your views about something
you may beat it like a traitor and you
maybe should like enemy you can't blame
Georgians for being suspicious look at
the world they grew up in police state
everyone informing on everyone firing
squads makes a person secretive it was
unpatriotic and disruptive to question
the workings of authority and the
highest political level in the Soviet
Union had a very special relationship
with Georgia
and although the Russians left in 1991
economic growth was kept back by
second-rate technology poor transport
inefficient and corrupt managers finally
in 2003 a battle cry emerged and called
itself the rose revolution enough is
enough said Georgia and took to the
streets hundred thousand strong to
topple a corrupt government Edward chava
Nazi was forced to resign as the result
of a peaceful revolution
you